FY2015 Goals:

Goal 1:
Standardize all Labs and maintain that standardization.
Success Definition : Users logging on to a machine in any lab
will have the same standard applications and experience.
ISSM inspection will discover common security settings
across all systems.

Goal 2:
Developed and maintains a Help Desk solution tracking all
tasks and issues within the application.
Success Definition : Provide monthly reports to the Colorado
Springs Site Leader on all opened and closed tickets.

Goal 3:
Provide hardware and software support and troubleshooting
for all Lab End Users.
Success Definition : Feedback from lab users will indicate
rapid resolution and lack of user frustration in resolving issues
when they arise.

Goal 4:
Provide ad hoc support to other projects and missions as the
need arises
Success Definition : Success Definition:
Other projects benefit from my knowledge, expertise and
lessons learned, leveraging my solutions to benefit their
sponsors.

Overall Roles Assessment:
Employee Summary:
Maintain hardware and software across labs, providing installation and troubleshooting
assistance as required; establish and enforce consistency among labs
Work with security to facilitate lab accreditation
Provide Colorado Springs Site Leader monthly update on current tasking
Spent long hours preparing for a DSS inspection, ensuring all labs were in
compliance. 
All items brought into classified labs were tracked by security and we
maintained standardization. Received a Commendable rating from DSS.
Colorado Site Director was promptly informed of all tickets for the Site.
Built the JMS developer virtual environment from the ground up. We are currently building up infrastructure and standardizing processes.
Built an AD infrastructure to the iLab to manage access. iLab Management is on its
way to becoming standardized

Direct Supervisor Summary:
Your efforts this year were definitely appreciated by both lab
owner and users. Your efforts to standardize the labs, not only
to ensure users have same experience across labs but also to
ensure the ISSM discovers common security settings, led to a
“Commendable” rating from DSS. Your Help Desk tracking
solution provided the site leader insight on the ~60 tickets per
month you respond to on HW, SW, and security. After
identifying a long-standing security concern in one of the labs
you immediately stepped in to resolve it, resulting in a Spot
award for your efforts. You also developed a standalone
segmented LAN to allow outside contractors to support the
NumVal effort without accessing the MII directly. Lab owners and users appreciate the dedication and responsiveness you bring to your work. You are able
to deftly manage lab resources, as well as collecting
and consolidating lab equipment ‘wish lists,’ polling
MESA team members on their needs and identifying
potential HW and SW improvements that could be
addressed through EOY funding. Your
responsiveness in addressing connectivity issues
following the site-wide WAN upgrade led to rapid
reestablishment of connectivity. Multiple staff
commented on how amenable you are to drop-ins,
and how you provided time and schedule expectations
and then met those commitments.

FY2016 Goals

Goal 1: Combine and standardize ASL, BHL,
ATSAT, and MESA into one common lab with shared
resources while ensuring little or no down time for end users.
Rebuild / upgrade MESA systems to include a Linux
environment while learning how to apply the security
baselines within Linux.
Success Definition : All resources will provide a consistent
interface to the user and are accessible in the DPL to all
projects. Seamless integration into the lab for the end users
with little or no down time. DSS gives the final approval for
ATO. DSS will approve the lock down settings for Linux, and
users will have access to CentOS 7 within the DPL.

Goal 2: Provide hardware, software, and
troubleshooting support for all end users.
Success Definition : Feedback from lab users will indicate
rapid resolution and lack of user frustration in resolving issues
when they arise. Minor issues will be resolved within 2 days.
Major issues resolved within 2 weeks.

Goal 3: Maintain a Help Desk solution tracking all
tasks and issues within the application. 
Success Definition : Provide monthly reports to the Colorado
Springs Site Leader on all opened and closed tickets.

Goal 4: Continue to broaden my professional
development by mentoring others, taking instructor lead
courses, and continuing to research technologies on my own.
Success Definition : Other people on my team will be able to
support my labs. Acquire my Security+ certification by 30 Sep
2016. I will continue to be self-taught and figure out
technologies on my own.

Overall Roles Assessment:
Employee Summary:
Expanded Role:
Expanded my overall role and took on the
task of organizing the loading dock,
consolidating and clearing out 2 storage
containers of old furniture, escorting
contractors during maintenance / painting to
classified areas, and moving large furniture
items from storage to the site. Received a
Spark award for going above and beyond.
Continued to improve on standardizing the
Labs. Finally got a true Backup solution
purchased this year. Plan to learn the
software and install it in the near future. The
new ISSM made a determination to continue
to use CentOS 6.5 during this inspection
cycle. I have been learning more about the
Linux lock down procedures and will be able
to use that knowledge once we do decide on
upgrading to CentOS 7. Worked with Tony to
provide a lock down process for burning
CDs, troubleshot GPO issues during that
time to fix a batch processing issue that
Nathan and Melinda had. Worked with
current ISSM as he redesigned our old forms
to provide guidance, input, and a second set
of eyes. Upon requirement from DSS, figured
out how to automate security baselines for
ESXi servers in the DPL successfully
ensuring a new ATO.
Installed a Network Attached Storage (NAS)
in both the iLab and DPL, implemented a
Windows (WSUS) update server using Group
Policy to assign all systems I create in the
iLab. All systems added to the iLab domain
now receive windows updates. Provided
expert knowledge to interns during another
projects (Ray Kenning) loss and rebuild of an
ESXi server. Provided support for all end
users inside and outside the labs. Worked
with Tim to optimize the computer that
controls the telescope, assisted Martin in the
vCenter build out for EGS, worked with
Nathan to ensure all data on PC in Tim’s
office was copied over to the new NAS
before rebuilding system with Linux. Found
out Tim might have to go to Bedford and
worked on a set of directions for installing
software and created a VM so he could test
before he went to Bedford. Always worked
issues in the Labs and fixed them in a timely
manner. Researched and purchased a Life
Cycle replacement / addition to the iLab
MESA1 server.
Continued to track tickets for all end
users. From 3/28/2016 till 8/4/2016 I have tracked, worked, and closed 184 tickets. It
might seem less than last time, but keep in
mind during this time we have combined 4
Labs into a single Lab. Provided monthly
status updates to Colorado Site Leader
Performed and learned additional ISSM
duties when the old ISSM left the
organization until the new ISSM came on
board. Brought the new ISSM up to par on all
classified systems and the DSS
requirements. Continued to cross train Tony
and assist on BH project whenever I
could. That project throws more new things
our way that don’t necessarily come up in
DPL. Tony is now able to install / manage
AD, manage vCenter, and use Linux with
little reference to outside
references. Successfully learned the Dell
VRTX system that will eventually go into
X10… I even assisted the Dell rep that came
on site with a lot of things he was unsure of
in vCenter. Still studying for Security + in my
free time. Still learning Puppet for assisting
with Linux lock downs. Have requests in for
VMware VMworld, Puppet course, and Linux
courses since I did not manage to get to all
the other classes last time around.

Direct Supervisors Comments:
Pressed well beyond his established IT role. Tom covered all
stated needs and more: scoped / managed computer
purchases, installed TVs, configured servers, and installed OS
/ mission software. If there was a lab-related computer issue
or need, Tom worked it.
Won SPARK award for his invaluable support to the Space
Battle Management Command and Control (BMC2)
demonstrations that were conducted over a three week period
and shown to numerous Colorado Site sponsors and potential
sponsors. The entire event was a high priority, last minute
effort that went off without a hitch -- impact: Tom's support ensured that the BMC2 program managers (Sandy Harrison,
Jerry Warner, and Mark Fahl) were able to demonstrate
technologies and capabilities that will help Air Force Space
Command define a future Space BMC2 system.
Tom also orchestrated the upgrade of our labs' storage and
security audiing capabilities. He installed a Network Attached
Storage (NAS) system in two labs and implemented a
Windows (WSUS) update server using Group Policy to assign
patches to all systems created in the iLab -- impact: all iLab
systems now receive critical Windows updates.
Based on a Defense Security Service (DSS) requirement, Tom
figured out how to automate the security baselines for the
ESXi servers in the Date Processing Lab (DPL) -- impact:
Tom's work helped to successfully secure a new Authority to
Operate (ATO).
Researched and purchased a life cycle replacement / addition
to the iLab MESA1 server -- impact: doubled the compute
speed and memory for this multi-team analysis computer
system.
Met all goals and kept on charging! Continued to standardize
the MITRE-COLO site Labs' computer configuration.
Migrated the DPL modeling and simulation (M&S) tool systems
to a common domain, enabling seamless connectivity and one
“face” for all logins -- impact: migrated computer resources in
classified environment provided a 3x increase in processing
ability for IT collaboration.
Tracked, worked, resolved, and closed nearly
500 trouble tickets.
Rapidly addressed a computer access problem on the MITRE
Enterprise for Space Analysis (MESA) server, resulting in a
300% increase in M&S computer access enabling parallel
versus serial work on multiple MESA tasks.
Got a long-awaited back-up solution implemented in the DPL -
key to capture of over 10 years of critical classified M&S
analysis data!
Great "can-do" spirit and positive motivator to his team
members and to site leadership.
Won SPARK award for Colorado Springs site clean-up
activity. Tom organized the loading dock, escorted visitors,
and moved/shipped large items -- impact: ..."his actions
dramatically reduced the resource constraints placed on
others. By going above and beyond what was expected ofhim,
Tom truly helped in improving the site workplace."
Went above and beyond: brought the new ISSM up to speed
on all classified systems and DSS requirements. Performed
ISSM duties when the old ISSM left the organization until the
new ISSM came on board.
Went above and beyond by: 1) Working with a radar SME (Tim
McLaughlin) to optimize the computer that controls the USAFA
telescope. 2) Assisting an Information Systems Engineer
(Martin Douglas) in the vCenter build out for the Enterprise
Ground System. 3) Working with an M&S Analyst (Nathan
Holzrichter) to ensure all common-PC data was copied over to
the new system before rebuilding the old system with a Linux
OS. 4) Finding out radar SME (Tim McLaughlin) might have to
go to Bedford for classified analysis work in a TS M&S
environment and drafting a set of directions for installing M&S
software and creating a VM so he could test it before he went
to Bedford.
Completed CompTIA Security+ training -- enabled security
accreditation and critical maintenance of classified M&S
computer systems serving cross-domain site users. Early
completion also enabled multiple FY16 computer upgrades
and implementation tasks to proceed on earlier timelines.
Took free "Puppet" software course for assisting with Linux
security lock down actions. Also studying for Security +
certification in his free time



My Feedback

Feedback Given: on Tom Brigham (37354) from Moxie Garcia on 07/21/2021

Tom has been an excellent project leader since I have joined MITRE! He has created a working environment that supports learning new tasks and duties while balancing day to day assignments across our team. He has an approachable and fair leadership style that allows me to feel safe to approach him with questions or concerns when they arise, which is greatly appreciated. I have enjoyed working with him and look forward to continuing work with our team!


Feedback Given: on Tom Brigham (37354) from Dante DePalma on 09/17/2020

"Tom ably sets up- and maintains our equipment and IT operations for several computer environments. It is always a pleasure to work with his ""can do"" attitude and customer focus, and he had another great year. The following contributions were of special note for FY20:

Assisted on Hardware- and Software purchases for an unprecedentedly large number of systems, orders, and urgency in turnaround time. Tom's efforts were critical to enable us to capitalize on unspent travel funds on multiple projects, which will improve our processing infrastructure.

We are in the midst of adding the Mechanic West server to our capabilities, which increases Tom's scope of responsibility.

As a critical Support team member, Tom went into the office more than most during COVID restrictions to assure IT/IS systems were available and running smoothly to support end-of-year urgent deliveries for SSDP and Intelligence Community sponsors.


I value that Tom is vocal with his ideas during meetings and e-mail exchanges --- he frequently points out ""gotchas"" that might impact budgetary-, User- or Purchasing process decisions. He has improved in this area, and I encourage him continue doing so as he looks to further his career; perhaps even leaning in more in this manner to lead our solutions."

Feedback Given: on Tom Brigham (37354) from Alex D Bautista on 09/08/2020

I go to Tom whenever I have IT questions that need to be answered. I consider him to be a SME on the subject. He is friendly, approachable, and always available to answer any questions you may have. He has become better at doling out work and stepping away, of course, being available when a question arises. I've learned quite a bit from Tom over the years, yet, he always has something new or a different way of looking at things. This keeps me and the rest of the team on our toes. Great Task/Team leader!

Feedback Given: on Tom Brigham (37354) from Jaron K Maronde on 09/08/2020

The support when needed is outstanding. Tom always takes his time to teach us anything new in our area of expertise. Even if we have done it before but need a little refresher, he makes sure that we fully understand the task at hand. Anytime a new task comes up that could be a learning experience, Tom brings us in so that we can better ourselves to further help support the projects we work with. Everything that Tom does is to make sure that we have a sound and well rounded team to take on any task that may come up. At this time I do not feel that there is anything he needs to improve upon. What he does works with the team and we all appreciate it.

Feedback Given: on Tom Brigham (37354) from Jayson K Lee on 09/08/2020

Despite COVID-19 restrictions and the on-going government lab accreditation issues, you provided great support to the software environment. I really appreciate your responsiveness to actions and your helpful attitude. You provided critical functions to maintaining the operational capabilities of the lab, and you helped my team in delivering strategic analyses for our sponsors. When we needed to move out on upgrading the lab's software, you jumped right in to help gather the required information and facilitated with the purchase actions. Thank you for being so responsive and working so effectively with the greater MITRE team. You are making a difference for my sponsors and our mission!

Feedback Given: on Tom Brigham (37354) from Joe Casias Jr. on 09/07/2020

Professional, punctual, prolific! Tom is not afraid to to get his hands dirty and get the job done. Took on an additional duty and created COVID-19 sanitization stations from wood as we deployed to more areas on the MITRE/COS site. Tom know his job and does it extremely well. He works with minimal supervision and not afraid to ask for guidance if required. Tom is a great MITRE citizen and took on the craft fair, again this year. MITRE needs more Toms!

My Awards

Catalyst Award - Mechanic West Team

Justification: The Mechanic West Team successfully deployed the first protection level 3 computer system to the Colorado Springs site and secured Government approval to operate at Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI) and Special Access Required (SAR) security levels. This system provides significant modeling and simulation capability to multiple MITRE projects supporting Air Force sponsors and represents a huge leap forward in MITRE’s ongoing efforts to improve classified infrastructure throughout the company. Mechanic West greatly improves MITRE’s ability to provide impactful analysis for SCI and SAR programs. Thank you for working through the many challenges and obstacles presented in developing and deploying this classified network.
Corporate Value: People in partnership, excellence that counts
Submitter: Kate Nieswand
Presentation Date: Oct 5, 2021
Paid Date: Oct 10, 2021

Spark Award from Kurt Hout

Justification: Tom is a lead System Administrator for the Data Processing Lab (DPL)and has had his work cut out for him in many regards, but has performed superbly and at a very high level. Tom was asked to manage the IT needs of both the temporary DPL network, and the DPL proper terminals, and took this challenge on head on. Tom is a world class IT professional who is an asset to Mitre and the entire Mitre Colorado Springs facility as a whole. Tom is an instinctive problem solver who has the right complement of experience, common sense, and determination to set him self apart from other IT professionals. If their is a hard job, and a job that others have failed out there is a good chance Tom Brigham should be the next option because I know he won't quit until the job is completed and to a high standard.
Presentation Date: Dec 11, 2019
Paid Date: Dec 27, 2019


Applause Award from Tina Cox

Justification: Tom did a fantastic job organizing the annual Holiday Craft Fair at the Colorado Springs site. This event not only provided a variety of vendors (most of them MITRE-related) the opportunity to showcase their talents and products, but it also gave MITRE employees a convenient way to accomplish some holiday shopping! It also provided a great social platform to get to know folks better. Tom, this event is always appreciated. Thank you for your dedication in making this event a reality each year!
Presentation Date: Dec 10, 2019

Applause Award from Katie Lilevjen

Justification: After I deleted another team's folder from a shared directory, Tom responded quickly and restored the deleted folder. Thanks for saving the day, Tom!
Presentation Date: Oct 23, 2019

Spark Award from Heath Johnson

Justification: Tom stepped in and helped Bounty Hunter overcome numerous obstacles over the last FY and provided real technical leadership in the configuration of our development environment.
Presentation Date: Sep 27, 2019
Paid Date: Oct 4, 2019


Catalyst Award - DPL Rapid Rebuild

Justification: This team exhibited key tenants of MITRE’s corporate culture by demonstrating both speed and adaptability when building an unplanned replacement infrastructure for Colorado Springs’ site classified Data Processing Lab (DPL). This work was completed under extreme time and security pressures, and the team experienced a multitude of failures and rebuilds right up to the DSS inspection. After a tireless three-week push by the team, the DSS Representative gave the go-ahead to move the systems into the classified environment. Their efforts were critical to restoring this vital processing lab with minimal downtime. Congratulations on a job well done!
Corporate Culture: Bias for action/speed, risk-taking, adaptability
Submitter: Ben Poole
Presentation Date: May 10, 2019
Paid Date: May 17, 2019

Spark Award from Paul Franklin

Justification: From Matt Zubiel: Tom Brigham has been instrumental in keeping the iLAB up and running for the past few years. His hard work and dedication to the mission of the iLAB ensures that critical project needs are met on a daily basis. Without His work, the iLAB would not be able to provide the level of service our users have come to expect.
Presentation Date: May 8, 2019
Paid Date: May 17, 2019

Spark Award from Paul Hartman

Justification: Tom Brigham recently delivered an accredited classified information system in record time. This capability mitigates a long-standing issue of our site's lack of a TS-SCI classified processing capability. Tom procured the system which was then approved to operational status in just a handful of weeks. Site engineers are now able to support analyses for our senior sponsors at a variety of classification levels. This capability was delivered per our exact request, and in-time to support another high visibility analysis effort for a key sponsor. Tom should be commended for the expeditious delivery, as well as for his customer-focused attitude and work ethic. This superior level of extraordinary performance reflects credit on Tom Brigham and The MITRE Corporation.
Presentation Date: May 3, 2017
Paid Date: May 12, 2017

Spark Award from Kelly Pyle

Justification: Thanks Tom for being a valuable COS Ops team member to A112 and the site. Tom provided outstanding support working with our FSO, visiting ISSO, and our ISSM transition period. Thanks Tom, Kelly
Presentation Date: Apr 5, 2017
Paid Date: Apr 14, 2017

Spark Award from Matt Eager

Justification: Tom Brigham was instrumental in the Colorado Springs site clean-up. Without reservation or prompting, Tom graciously stepped in to assist in organizing the loading dock, escorting visitors, and moving/shipping large items. His actions dramatically reduced the resource constraints placed on others. By going above and beyond what was expected of him, he has truly helped in improving our workplace, and we all benefit from his actions. His can-do attitude and willingness to help are greatly appreciated. Tom’s actions exemplify what it means to be a true MITRE team player.
Presentation Date: Sep 15, 2016
Paid Date: Sep 16, 2016

Spark Award from Paul Hartman

Justification: This award is to recognize Tom Brigham for his invaluable support to the Space BMC2 demonstrations over the last several weeks to many of our Colorado Site current sponsors as well as to potential sponsors. This support ensured that Sandy Harrison, Jerry Warner, and Mark Fahl were able to demonstrate technologies and capabilities that will help Air Force Space Command define a future Space BMC2 system. This entire event was a high priority, last minute effort that went off without a hitch. Tom¿s dedication, professionalism, expertise reflect credit upon himself, the Colorado Site, and The MITRE Corporation.
Presentation Date: Mar 10, 2016
Paid Date: Jun 22, 2016

Spot Award - DPG Software Emulation
Hide Details
Justification: In recognition of your skills in quickly identifying and remedying an issue with computing resources that were out of compliance. The scope of your efforts went above-and-beyond your typical daily responsibilities. Your resolution actions were swift, decisive, appropriate (compliant), and mission-oriented. This rapid response brought several engineers back to operational status at minimal impact to our sponsor delivery schedules and project funds. Your response sets the high standard for how to resolve such concerns. Thank you for a rapid response, exceptional effort, and successful result!
Submitter: Brenda Russell
Presentation Date: Apr 3, 2015
Paid Date: Apr 10, 2015
Approvers:
A110: Peter Smyton
J460: Peter Smyton

Prompt:
You are a summarization system that extracts the past achievements, awards, and accomplishments with the primary focus of receiving a promotion.
After reading the input you will see how it compares to these bullet points:
•	Applies lead level expertise and skills in technical or administrative processes or operational procedures
•	Completes complex assignments and facilitates the work activities of others; may coordinate work beyond own area of responsibility 
•	Works autonomously within established procedures and practices; determining improvements to processes and methods as applicable
•	Applies lead level technical or administrative expertise pertaining to analytical or mechanical practices, scientific methods, or operational processes to perform a broad range of complex work assignments across a variety of stakeholders
Take a step back and think step by step about how to achieve the best result possible as defined in the steps below. You have a lot of freedom to make this work well.  Itemize each achievement and incorporate impact to the company utilizing the above bullet points.
OUTPUT SECTIONS
You extract a summary of the content in 20 words or less per each goal, including main achievements, emphasize leadership and why the person deserves a promotion into a bulleted section called SUMMARY.
OUTPUT INSTRUCTIONS

You only output Markdown.
Do not give warnings or notes; only output the requested sections.
You use bullets, not numbered lists.
Do not repeat ideas, quotes, facts, or resources.
Do not start items with the same opening words.

 